# Raku Community to elect Raku Steering Council

[for immediate release]

Members of the Raku Community have come together to support the election
of a Raku Steering Council according to the process described in the
[Raku Governance Model](https://github.com/Raku/RSC/blob/main/papers/Raku_Steering_Council_Code.md).

These members are (in alphabetical order):
- Roman Baumer
- Vadim Belman
- Damian Conway
- Alexander Kiryuhin
- Moritz Lenz
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- Samantha McVey
- JJ Merelo
- Claudio Ramirez
- Stefan Seifert
- Jonathan Worthington

Since there is no formal Raku "core team" yet, **any** person with a commit
bit in either of these repositories, has active and passive voting rights:

- [Rakudo](https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo)
- [NQP](https://github.com/raku/nqp)
- [MoarVM](https://github.com/MoarVM/MoarVM)

This approach was chosen to ensure that *anybody* who has been involved
in the Raku Programming Language in the past, has the possibility to
indicate that they're still involved by casting a vote.  People who
did not contribute for the past two years **and** who did not vote for
this election, will be assumed to be "inactive", and thus lose their
voting rights until they indicate they want to be activated again.

Since there is also no formal voting process installed yet, the voting for
the first elected Raku Steering Council will be done by email.  Community
member Will Coleda, who has been Perl Foundation Grant Committee Manager
in the past, will perform the tallying of the votes.

Each person will only have one vote, even if they have commit bits to
more than one of these repositories.

The activities of the Raku Steering Council should be as little as
possible, so therefore being a council member should not take up a lot
of time.  Being on the council means that you can participate hands-on
in the future of the Raku Programming Language, to decide on matters
that need decisions if the core team members think a decision needs to
be made.

If you would like to nominate yourself for the Raku Steering Council,
you should add a file to the:
  
  https://github.com/Raku/RSC/tree/main/nominations/2020

directory with your Github ID as the name of the file, and whatever
information you would like to make available to the voters to make them
vote for you.

The period to submit your nominations will start with this announcement
and will last until midnight UTC, September 6th 2020.

This will be followed by a period of two weeks in which voting can be
done, so the voting will close by midnight UTC, September 20th 2020.

A formatted email template will be provided which voters can use to
assign a value of 1 through 5 to each of the candidates of their
choice.  A voter sends the email to will@coleda.com for this initial
election.

The result of the election will be announced by Will Coleda as soon
as possible after the voting has closed.

We hope that this will allow moving the Raku Programming Language
forward in a better coordinated, targeted way in these interesting
times.

Stay healthy, stay safe!
