It is with great sorrow that the Raku Steering Council announces the ejection of a Raku core team member and Raku Steering Council member: Aleks-Daniel Jakimenko-Aleksejev.

According to the [Raku Steering Council Code](https://github.com/Raku/Raku-Steering-Council/blob/main/papers/Raku_Steering_Council_Code.md#ejecting-core-team-members):

> Ejecting core team members
> 
> In exceptional circumstances, it may be necessary to remove someone from the core team against their will [...]. This can be accomplished by a Steering Council vote, but unlike other Steering Council votes, this requires at least a two-thirds majority. With 7 members voting, this means that a 4:3 vote is insufficient; 5:2 in favor is the minimum required for such a vote to succeed. [...]
> 
> If the ejected core team member is also on the Steering Council, then they are removed from the Steering Council as well.

Aleks-Daniel has been a great supporter of Raku in the past.  Some of his contributions were:
- having been responsible for setting up the problem-solving repo.
- having been instrumental in setting up many Raku infrastructure features that have helped the development of Raku in significant ways.
- having been the Rakudo Release Manager from 2017.08 through 2019.11.

Over time, apparently not agreeing with the direction of the Raku project, his behaviour has become more and more disruptive with clearly visible effects on other contributors.  After several months of exploring all options, including mediation, we were left with no other means to protect our community from further harm.

For that reason, Elizabeth Mattijsen initiated a voting procedure in the RSC.  Since she was the initiator of the procedure, she also added herself as an option for eviction:

> Please indicate the people to be evicted from the Raku core team as well as from the Raku Steering Council:
> 
>     [ ] Elizabeth Mattijsen
> 
>     [ ] Aleks-Daniel Jakimenko-Aleksejev"


The council has taken a vote and the result is: 6 votes received, 1 abstention noted.

    0 votes to eject Elizabeth Mattijsen
    5 votes to eject Aleks-Daniel Jakimenko-Aleksejev

Which means that the required two-thirds majority has been reached to eject Aleks-Daniel from the Raku core team.

Since this is the first time, and hopefully the last time that such drastic measures need to be taken, it will take some time to actually effectuate this ejection.

In the discussion on drafting this announcement, Aleks-Daniel said:

> Having someone in my immediate family pass away recently, I've been thinking lately how some things are considered inherently bad or negative, and how we always wish it was possible to turn things around. However, a death can relieve pain and stop suffering, a breakup can create space for new amazing relationships, and a person leaving a team allows both parties to move into differently great directions. I already have two very interesting projects coming up, so in some sense I'm grateful for being able to dedicate myself to them. I hope you are happy for my ejection too, as weird as it sounds :) Let's hug, say goodbye and move on. There is no need for talk about someone coming back, definitely not one that needs to be written.
