10 October 2021 Call For Raku Infrastructure Volunteers
-------------------------------------------------------

As Raku growing as a project its infrastructure is growing too. We get more and
more services ranging from web sites, like [the home page](https://raku.org), to
IRC bots, to zef module ecosystem, etc. On many occasions these services are
being ran and managed by single person making them fail-prone in cases when the
person, for any reason, is unable to take necessary actions to fix things up.

Raku Steering Council is aware of this problem and plan to work out any
necessary technical and administrative solutions to assist in resolving it. But
none of them would be viable without volunteers joining the service maintainers
in their efforts. For this reason RSC opens a recruiting program aimed at
helping any infrastructure project maintainer in finding volunteers willing to
share their duties.

More information about the program is provided in [corresponding
paper](../papers/Infrastructure_Project_Contact_List.md), where the maintainers
can publish some brief description about their projects and duties, and the
means by which volunteers can get in touch with them.

Alternatively one could always join _#raku_ or _#raku-dev_ IRC channels on
[irc.libera.chat:6697](https://libera.chat/) and ask any related questions
there.

Any requests related to this announcement can be made either on
_#raku-steering-council_ IRC channel on libera.chat network, or by opening an
issue in [RSC repository](https://github.com/Raku/Raku-Steering-Council/issues).
