12 July 2021 update on Raku Steering Council status
---------------------------------------------------

Geoffrey Broadwell, having a bit more free time on their hands than in previous years, has volunteered to take the currently open seat on the Raku Steering Council.  From their mail to the RSC:

> I have been a member of the Perlish language community since Perl 4, and in the Perl 6/Raku era I contributed to Parrot and Rakudo themselves (there was even a Rakudo release code named in my honor) as well as the surrounding ecosystem.  I contributed as needed -- from NQP tests to the plumage and panda module installers to the Str.Numeric and MAIN argument parsing code.  I've contributed heavily to other folk's modules, from Terminal::Print to Cro, and have written a number of my own, including everything from binary format codecs to performance testing tools to creating the Raku-MUGS project and organization.

> I was an early spreader of the -Ofun philosophy (helping to expand the reach of Audrey's insight), and coauthor of the previous draft of the Raku Code of Conduct.  I have acted as a calming presence within the IRC channels, as well as calmly addressing civility violations in channel, tag-teaming with existing RSC members.  I have a personal deep interest in respectful expression, civility, and inclusion.  I have been a manager at my day job for over 5 years, with a compassionate, empathetic, and transparent style, and in that time learned quite a bit about the importance of a deeply supportive community and the mental health of its members.  I know that there is much to learn to be the best community member I can, and look to constantly learn and improve.

> With decades of Perl and Raku history, a strong record of kind and inclusive behavior, and positive relationships with existing members, I hope to be an asset to the RSC.

The remaining council members have taken a vote whether to accept Geoffrey Broadwell into the Raku Steering Council.  This vote was unanimously accepted.

Therefore the current Raku Steering Council now consists of (in alphabetical order):

- Vadim Belman
- Geoffrey Broadwell
- Nick Logan
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- JJ Merelo
- Stefan Seifert
- Daniel Sockwell
