# 2021-05-29

Minutes of the RSC meeting on May 29th, 2021.

## Attendees

- Daniel Sockwell
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- JJ Merelo
- Nick Logan
- Patrick Spek
- Stefan Seifert
- Vadim Belman

## Agenda

### Moving of IRC channel to libera

- went smoothly other than freenode channel takeovers

- majority of docs and other references have been updated, although ecosystem modules META6.json still need to be updated

- raku channels made unsecret so it is viewable it public channel lists

### CAT and its authority within the raku community

- CAT authority is not clear, could they e.g. ban someone from commiting to raku? And if so how much authority should they have?

- worried about TPF CAT saying something about raku community they do not have the authority to say/do

### New documentation sites

- we could separate the pod files out from the current documentation repo so we can have multiple documentation sites that could share this separate shared pod repo

- empower documentation sites to share as much code as possible

### Daniel's grant proposal

- proposal has room for additional emphasis on its usefulness to the community

- endorsed by the entire RSC

### Raku conferences

- need more talks for upcoming perl and raku conference

- need talks for non-raku conferences

- attempt to keep high visibility on deadlines for conferences

- missing tutorial sessions at conferences

## Next Meeting

2021-06-12
