# RSC Meeting 2021-12-11

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Vadim


## Previous Action Item Updates

* YAS
  * *No new YAS meetings yet*
* Release management
  * **DONE:** Find at least one new Release Manager volunteer
  * **DONE:** Determine whether (and how) to split RM tasks
    * Main work done by new volunteer, packages/uploads handled by previous folks
* Long term
  * Static file caching on new IRC log server
    * **WIP:** Working through some bugs
  * Scrape the old static YAS site, and put it into a new toolset
    * *Expect no progress before year end*
* Infra
  * Draft expanded/fleshed-out policy doc
    * *No progress*
  * Misc infra AIs
    * *Infra team meeting next week, will get more detailed response after that*


## FOSDEM

* FOSDEM Online Raku dev room
  * We need speakers
  * We need to do an official CFP (Call For Participation)
    * Reuse last year's CFP, with Perl bits removed?
    * Deadline in 9 days; this is a FOSDEM deadline, not controlled by us
    * **AI: Ask FOSDEM contact to do this ASAP**
* Lightning talk track
  * We should also try to get people into this
  * Has a much larger and more diverse audience than individual dev rooms


## Advent Calendar

* Very popular articles
  * As of today, we're at the level of hits we had for all of last year's calendar
  * We've also achieved a front-page HackerNews article
* Lots of people using Raku for Advent of Code this year
  * Possibly because of Raku/AoC article from last year?
  * AoC seems to bring new people into our IRC channels too
* We seem to have a decent pipeline of Advent articles so far


## Creating Agenda

* Discussing problem solving issues in this meeting
  * We haven't had a strong track record helping with these
  * We didn't pick issues where RSC being a tie-breaker or decision-maker
    is actually valuable
  * We should focus not on issues where a *new* suggestion is required, but
    rather one with *existing* suggestions that need an official decision
  * We should wait until the majority of discussion has stalled, rather than
    trying to make a decision before all angles have been discussed
* Problem: getting everyone in RSC involved with creating RSC agenda items
  * We have some people who have historically been SPOFs for such things
  * We don't want any friction in creating or reviewing the agenda
* Suggestions
  * Add agenda/minutes attachments to emails as .txt, not .md
  * Ask for "suggestions" not "objections" (mindset hacking)
  * Have a collaborative doc in some cloud location to create the agenda
    * We all don't care where, because it's just scratch
    * Official minutes should remain as Markdown in the RSC repo


## Raku Community Modules <-> zef/fez ecosystem

* fez maintainer is implementing group access for uploads
  * We need to decide who has access
  * Maintainers?  How do we know who those are?
    * Often there's really only one or two people who handle each repo
      (even if they haven't officially adopted it)
    * Maybe look for last committer to each repo, and give that person
      access to do uploads?
* "Access to source code" and "release creator" don't really need to be the
  same person, and perhaps we should unbundle these concepts
  * Right now any commit to a community module repo hosted in the p6c
    ecosystem is *de facto* a release
    * This is part of what we want to fix with zef; see below
* Do we declare p6c as not fully supported?
  * Not until modules are only using p6c by *choice*, not historical accident
* Right now most community modules are managed in old ecosystem
  * There may be a few still doing CPAN uploads as well
  * We want to get all that moved to zef/fez
  * But zef/fez is very strict about who can upload
  * Hence the need for group permissions
* Is there any way to have a quorum system for 2-3 people agreeing to
  upload a package?
  * For example: 3 maintainers, 2 of which are required to agree in order to do
    an upload
  * Helps to mitigate not just bus number, but also protects the community if
    an individual maintainer has been hacked
  * **AI: Talk to fez maintainer about managing group quorum support**
* What about upgrading community modules to mi6 for uploading?
  * **AI: Adopt small utility community modules into common (outside) repo**
  * **AI: Do zef/mi6 conversion for remaining community modules**
* We like having *Raku* org modules, such as emacs and vim editor modes
  * Some things we might want to move from community modules to Raku team modules
  * We can have more enforcement there
