# 6 March 2021

The Raku Steering Council convened by teleconferencing on 6 March at 20:00 UTC.

In attendance:

- Vadim Belman
- Nick Logan
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- JJ Merelo
- Stefan Seifert
- Daniel Sockwell
- Patrick Spek

## Agenda

1. Andrew Shitov's DNS request for conf.raku.org (#269)
This was approved.

2. Patrick BÃ¶ker's "acceptance policy doesn't match reality" issue (#272)
A lot of aspects of this issue were discussed, but in the end it was decided to just contribute to the discussion in the issue, and try to get to a consensus in a resolution document, possibly adapting the problem solving rules.

3. Next step for CoC, links, moderation (website, channels, reddit)
- Links should point at the resolution document https://github.com/Raku/problem-solving/blob/master/solutions/meta/code_of_conduct.md
- Daniel will create PR for the websites
- Liz will take care of README and /r/rakulang info
- A search is started for people willing to moderate the IRC channels

4. Next steps Raku Foundation
- the PR asking YAS for a dba is there for the approving
- domain name: raku.foundation
- Daniel will set up a draft of a website
- Daniel will work with YAS legal committee to use TRF as a liability shield

5. Andrew Shitov tweeted about YAS funding the Weekly Challenge, should we make that an RSC request?
The idea was discussed, but we decided that there was no need for funding the Weekly Challenge to be an official request.

## Additional points

6. Vadim: we need public minutes of these meetings
Public minutes will be made from now on, by rotation.  To be published in the RSC repo under a new "minutes" directory.

7. Patrick: we need an rsc@raku.org email alias, and possibly a public mailing list
Liz is in the process of renewing her own mail infrastructure, which should allow for an "rsc@raku.org" alias to be easily made.  Which should be ready before the next meeting.  A public mailing list for discussion might also be feasible, but Liz didn't commit to that yet.

## Next meeting

20 March, 20:00 UTC
