# 20 March 2021

The Raku Steering Council convened by teleconferencing on 20 March at 20:00 UTC.

In attendance:

- Vadim Belman
- Nick Logan
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- JJ Merelo
- Stefan Seifert
- Daniel Sockwell
- Patrick Spek

## Agenda

1. We need a better official communications channel.

Discussed many options, such as reviving p6lert, but for now decided to:

- create a Raku announcements mailing list: announce@raku.org
- create a Raku users mailing list: users@raku.org

This work will be done by Elizabeth Mattijsen.

2. We need a better documentation site

Discussed the problems associated with that, like:

- standards for URL creation, especially for more difficult features require unicode
- make sure old URLs do not stop working, getting redirected to the right place

Perhaps the ad-hoc team currently working on the Raku documentation should be formalized into a proper "Raku Documentation Team" with separate mailing list support to handle the more long running issues that make it hard to deal with on IRC or through Github issues.  Elizabeth Mattijsen is tasked with with polling the current people working on / interested in working on the documentation.

3. The problem solving acceptance policy is not working

Basically https://github.com/Raku/problem-solving/issues/272 .  Decided more time is needed to consider. Postponed for next meeting.

4. Google season of docs

JJ will work on a proposal.

5. Raku Foundation

There seems to be some more work to be done to gain the European trademark.  Daniel will followup on this.

6. Personalized emails

The RSC members now also have a @raku.org email address that will forward to their "own" email address.

## Next meeting

3 April, 19:00 UTC
