# RSC Meeting 2021-11-13

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Roman, Stefan, Vadim


## Previous Action Item Updates

* Discussed at last YAS board meeting
  * **WIP:** Reach out to Linux Format to pursue and get more details on article series
* Release management
  * **DONE:** Final doc updates from outgoing Release Manager
  * **DONE:** Find at least one new Release Manager volunteer
* Misc
  * **DONE:** Send out proposed agenda at least 1 week before next RSC meeting
  * **WIP:** FOSDEM online Raku dev room


## Infrastructure Discussions

* Status from infra leads
  * Started with web hosting part, and then took over more services over time
  * Most web services are running on VM server donated by Stefan's company
    * Pro sysadmins provide VM instance and keep it running
    * Raku Infra team responsible for all other layers
  * Bot infrastructure has been just started, not yet full control
  * DNS is on Cloudflare
* Policy
  * Initial draft: problem-solving #28: infra rules and guidelines
    * Not everything is done yet, just time limited
  * Right people should have access to docs needed to do their job
    * But don't want *all* docs to be public, because it invites black hats
  * We should consider containerizing our services, allowing us to "set one
    foot in the cloud"
  * We'd like more defined policy/procedures
    * **AI: Draft expanded/fleshed-out policy doc**
* Bus number
  * Make sure we have enough info for people to know who has access and who has
    responsibility if bus number is suddenly reduced
  * Most installation work was done by one person
  * Other people have access to necessary bits
  * We need a generalized way to handle problems with *any* infrastructure
    projects
  * We need to use lessons learned from existing work for our other projects
* How many people *should* have access?
  * Infrastructure is critical for us, let's make sure SPOF cannot happen
  * Around 3-6 core folks should have general access
    * Should *not* just be "all of RSC", that's a mismatch of intent
  * We should allow very specific access for more folks
    * Low barrier to entry for low-risk access
      * There is always insider risk, but don't want to stop people from
        getting stuff done
  * We should have a list of things that are not core infra, but still we
    control access
    * We should separate projects by criticality
    * Figure out all prereqs/dependencies (so high criticality infra does
      not depend on a supposedly low-criticality project)
    * Apply appropriate access controls to each
* Does it make sense to share some infrastructure between YAS, TPF, and TRF sites?
  * There is some extra capacity on their (TPF) infrastructure
  * They are willing to lend us some
  * Discussions haven't gotten very far
