# RSC Meeting 2021-10-16

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Lizmat, Nick, Vadim


## Review previous meeting's minutes

* Action Items
  * *Registered* trademark: Adding (R)/Â® in more places
    * Deciding how in-your-face we want it to be: raku.org homepage
    * **AI: Reduce usage on main content section of homepage**
    * **AI: Add it somewhere that it's visible on every page (header or footer)**
  * CPAN: Follow up on `mi6` zef/fez support merge
    * **AI: Carryover to next meeting**
  * Hacktoberfest: Handle for raku-community-modules
    * Tag is already set on `rakudo/rakudo` repo
    * Will not set on entirety of raku-community-modules
    * Complete (unless someone magically creates a module to do the tagging)
  * Issue 263: Coordination with TRF board to be circulated
    * Discussed directly with TRF board yesterday
  * Issue 263: Raku foundation website
    * YAS board is very unhappy with their existing static website, and wants
      to share a common core framework when we build it
    * TPF and TRF static sites sharing basic structure, but with details
      fixed as needed
    * *NOT* including dynamic sites, just the static ones
    * **AI: Scrape the old static site, and put it into a new toolset**
* General/incomplete discussions
  * `decisions` or `resolutions` tree in Raku-Steering-Council repo?
    * **RESOLUTION: `resolutions` is chosen**
  * Responsibility and key holder records
    * Moved out to top-level topic


## Modules useful for meta work

* Convenience API for GH
  * So people don't need to memorize all the bits of the GH API
  * Also should manage retry control versus available key accesses


## YAS/TRF Board meeting

* In addition to website discussion above ...
* FOSDEM
  * Are we going to go online again?
    * Date is set, but online/offline is not set
    * Might be mixed
  * Are we going to have a Raku dev room?
    * **AI: Yes, if we can get one**
    * We should also submit talks to other dev rooms (expose other folks to our
      language)
  * Can we convince jnthn to give his "reflections on 10 years of MoarVM" talk
    for FOSDEM in Brussels?
    * Maybe only if online ...
  * Stand/booth?
    * It's a lot of work!
    * Let's start with applying for the dev room
* YAS: proposal from Catalyst for project-specific funding committees/sub-boards
  * Project funding boards picked by projects, *not* by YAS board
  * Lets people donate to a particular project (or even bug), when they don't
    care *who* does the work
  * YAS liked the idea and wants to open the idea to other projects
  * Do we want Raku projects to take advantage of this funding option?
  * Do we as the RSC want to be involved in choosing which?
  * Getting funding in general is way easier nowadays (e.g. via GitHub)
  * How do we split funds when multiple people work on the project?
  * We have a few really big projects with single-person leadership
  * **AI: We should expose some of the big project leads to this possibility**
* Linux Format wants to publish articles on Perl and Raku
  * Alternating issues, perhaps?
    * So six articles, one of which would be intro to the language
  * Maybe we can push for 12, to avoid the perception of trading off between
    the two languages?
    * Might be a lot of work to produce
    * We have a good pile of reusable content (e.g. advent posts), and at
      least 2 RSC members willing to commit, probably others from community
    * Treat it as a 12-episode advent calendar
    * **AI: Reach out to Linux Format to pursue and get more details**


## Responsibility and key holder records

* Discussion is happening online right now
* rba@ needs to be pulled into this discussion
  * **AI: Invite him for the next meeting**
  * If he can't make it, we need to figure out something that works
  * Ask about separate credentials for each RSC member (for tracking)
* We need to do a better job of communicating
  [Raku Infrastructure Project List](https://github.com/Raku/Raku-Steering-Council/blob/main/papers/Infrastructure_Project_Contact_List.md)
  * Should mention this on raku.org > Community page for people interested in joining
  * **AI: Remind project leads to add their projects, requesting help**
    * Goes double for projects that are part of our critical infrastructure
    * Leads should know that this isn't just for wanting a co-maintainer, but
      also for having (human) backups and second pair of eyes and such
    * We should be careful not to make this labor-intense
  * We can't just use GH issues, because that doesn't work for actual
    infrastructure (as opposed to code): DNS, bot hosting, etc.
* Bigger question:  What's the difference between:
  * Core/truly critical -- RSC should offer to be maintainer-of-last-resort
  * Important/highly useful -- infrastructure *not* maintained by RSC
  * Key projects -- important to the Raku community, but not really infrastructure
* Very important: we do *not* ask for "ownership", that's not our job
* Should people that want to take ownership of an individual raku-community-modules
  repo pull their chosen module out of raku-community-modules into their own user?
  * On the flip side, the org name gives people the feeling that there is some
    "officialness" and gives comfort/safety to users not "in the know"
    * We should make sure all raku-community-modules repos specify an auth that
      RSC controls
    * Should zef warn if you request a module from a default repo with no auth?
      * Maybe mi6 should do this?


## Problem solving issues

* Discussion list decided last week
  * 5: PR/issue deficit
  * 263: TRF
  * 280: IRC logs
  * 290: `assuming`
  * 298: `master` to `main`
* 280: IRC logs
  * What host/URL should we make official?
    * We'd like it to be within raku.org
  * More burnin time needed before we make it our primary logs
* Remainder pushed to next meeting for lack of time
