# RSC Meeting 2021-10-30

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, Liz, Nick, Stefan, Vadim


## Review previous meeting's minutes

* Action Items
  * **DONE**
    * Reduce (R) usage on main content section of homepage
    * Add (R) somewhere that it's visible on every page (header or footer)
    * Add (R) on related community sites
    * Create `resolutions` tree in Raku-Steering-Council repo
  * WIP/Carryover
    * Scrape the old static YAS site, and put it into a new toolset
    * FOSDEM Raku Dev Room
    * Expose big project leads to project-specific funding board idea
    * Remind project leads to add their projects to Raku Infrastructure Project List
    * Reach out to Linux Format to pursue and get more details on article series
      * Requires discussion at next YAS board meeting
    * Invite rba@ for this meeting
* Problem solving issues
  * 5: PR/issue deficit
    * Velocity by **closure** metrics near zero
      * We want to show that progress is being made
      * We have a problem that lots of issues remain open only because no one
        has checked whether it is still an issue
    * Some items are in long term discussion
      * Would be nice to be able to indicate active discussion
      * Tagging specific issues, e.g. for "quick closure"?
    * Should problem-solving issues be seen as just discussion and cooperation
      areas, not things that RSC is *required* to act on?
    * Discussion point: https://drewdevault.com/2021/10/26/stalebot.html
      * A ping-only bot might be useful
      * Autoclose seems too strong
      * Not clear *who* should be pinged on issues, especially if person A is
        waiting on person (or team) B
      * Pinging doesn't add free hours to a volunteer's day
  * 263: TRF
    * Waiting on next YAS board meeting
  * 280: IRC logs
    * Final hostname will likely be `irclogs.raku.org`
    * Working on performance issues and `Cro::WebApp` issues (warnings from templates)
    * Expected complete "this year"
  * 290: `assuming`
    * Carryover
  * 298: `master` to `main`
    * When RakuAST branch is finished, it will be renamed to main
    * **AI: Make sure our tools are all ready for main to become lead branch**


## Making these minutes more visible

* People don't know where to look
* **AI: Want agenda a week before each meeting**
  * Minute-taker sends out pre-agenda of AI's to RSC meeting list


## Need a new release manager

* We have ~3 weeks
* Ask current release manager for summary?
  * We have a release docs, but we may need final updates
  * **AI: Ask previous RM to update these**
  * We might be able to split this role into two
    * Perhaps by splitting off the changelog work?
    * Previous RM actually pulled more of this to himself over time
  * Next release expected to be easier, because `new-disp` was a huge merge
  * New RMs tend to automate new things (everyone has a different itch)
