# RSC Meeting 2021-10-02

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Stefan, Vadim


## Review previous meeting's minutes

* Look at problem solving queue in meeting
  * Decide which issue(s) we should address in next meeting at end of this one
* Trademark
  * Adding TM/â„¢ in more places: WIP
  * Unicode name removal in version info: DONE


## PRs for each decision document we make

* e.g.: Decision concerning future of CPAN as a Raku ecosystem
* "Decisions"?  "Resolutions"?  Maybe.
* *NOT* "commands" or "decrees" or "dictats" -- that's not our approach!
* **FIRST DECISION: We've decided to record our decisions**


## Raku BackPAN update

* [REA repo](https://github.com/lizmat/REA)
* Has current updates of everything that had been uploaded to CPAN
* Working on previous versions
* Repo contains tarball files
* Currently about 1/2 GB
* Have already removed some of lizmat's Raku modules from CPAN
  * Remainder on Monday
* Will be using Robert Levin's module for serving these
* `zef` should be able to use BackPAN as a fallback when unable to find a module


## CPAN ecosystem future

* Should not be an official "deprecation", but rather "strong recommendation"?
* zef/fez ecosystem works nearly instantaneously, and has better security
* `mi6` should have the zef/fez support merged/released before we go "official"
  * **AI: Follow up on this**


## Bus numbers and key holders

* Records of who has the keys to various things?
* ... as well as who is *responsible* when things break
* Ecosystems
  * For zef/fez ecosystem: tonyo
  * Git ecosystem: Nick
  * BackPAN: lizmat
  * (BTW, if GitHub goes down, we have a problem)
* More general stuff, like ML ownership, CI keys, etc.
  * Would like more visibility
  * Infrastructure: RBA
  * What about docs.raku.org?
* We don't have backups for key people
  * Bus number == 1 for several people
  * Could we use something like OnePassword Family Plan to do shared password access?
  * But we also need more people to take *responsibility* for various projects
  * Maybe publish a request for people to join various projects?
* Probably people would be *willing* to step up ...
  * ... but getting enough written down that they *can* is a different question
* We do need sysadmins in general
  * We also need people to host/run Geth, etc.
* We need a top level view/plan to all of our infrastructure
  * And coordinate the *current* owners
  * And *then* we can send out the call to action for help
* The current owners can certainly ask as well -- should we ping them first?
  * There are people who aren't ready for Rakudo hacking, but *are* ready to SA
  * This could be their first steps to involvement in the Raku community
* What parts of this go into problem-solving v. something else?
* We can get access for RSC members for infrastructure, such as DNS records


## Hacktoberfest

* What are we going to do for this, if anything?
* We have to opt-in for each repo
* Then mark some GH issues as beginner-friendly
* raku-community-modules might be a good place
  * For repos with open issues, yes
    * ... but not for modules that really shouldn't be changed anymore
    * **AI: Handle Hacktoberfest for raku-community-modules**
* We can encourage people to follow our lead for other modules


## RWN should *not* be the voice of the RSC

* Especially since that makes the RWN author even more of a SPOF in the community
* ... and in the long term, RWN should rotate to someone else anyway
* As we've discussed a couple times in this meeting, low bus number is
  problematic in a lot of ways right now


## Problem-solving issues to address next time

* Master to main issue 298
* Issue 290, because Larry cares
* Issue 280 can be closed in a few weeks
  * Solution exists for watching all four channels at once
  * How is load going to be handled if people do regex searches over the logs?
* Issue 263 -- ready to close?
  * **AI: Raku foundation website**
  * **AI: Coordination with TRF board to be circulated**
* Issue 5
  * Yep, it's still a problem
