# 2021-04-03

Minutes of the RSC meeting on April 3rd, 2021.

## Attendees

- Daniel Sockwell
- Elizabeth Mattijsen
- JJ Merelo
- Nick Logan
- Patrick Spek
- Stefan Seifert
- Vadim Belman

## Agenda

### Previous' meeting minutes

- The team to decide on the documentation (site) will be called "Documentation
    Team"

### Community Moderation Powers

- Ask Jonathan/Moritz to give RSC members moderator powers on IRC

### Raku Documentation Tooling

- Should be done in tools written in Raku (dogfeeding)
- We need a good highlighter

## Next Meeting

2021-04-17
