# RSC Meeting 2022-03-05

Attending: Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Vadim


## Ecosystem

* Some modules have never worked, or never made sense
  * These will stay in the REA archive
  * ... but not brought forward to Zef unless someone gets an itch
* This proportion may seem larger because have been starting with community
  modules that never had version numbers


## CoC issue

* https://github.com/Raku/Raku-Steering-Council/issues/48
* Discussed extensively (nearly the entire time)
* No final decision
* Discussion will continue and be on agenda for next RSC meeting
