# RSC meeting 2022-11-12

Attending: Liz, Stefan, Vadim, Nick, Daniel, Geoff, JJ

* Updates by Daniel:
  * Certificate for Windows installers: following up
  * TPRF: Appreciating our clarifications
  * CAT doc updates: Merged

* Rainbow Butterfly Award
  * We need to figure out our timing
  * TPRF has no particular requirement for this
  * We'd like to do nominations by Dec 1, then vote/deliberate
  * Decision announced in January, likely

* Official social channels/accounts
  * Replacement for Twitter account
    * Recommendation for fosstodon.org in Mastadon; investigating
  * dev.to org: Yes please
  * Unified YouTube channel: Investigating
  * Should make sure these get added as additional "Raku spaces" to CoC

* Infra
  * Credential management for RSC: In progress
  * Some delays on rollout of doc server
  * Nominees/volunteers for new infra members?
