# RSC Meeting 2022-02-19

Attending: Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Vadim


## Misc Project Updates

* **AI: Ping Infra team for update on Hedgedoc, etc.**


## Ecosystem

* lizmat++ doing lots of work on moving raku-community-modules from p6c to fez
  * ... and improving module packaging along the way
  * Focusing first on modules that don't have a version yet, to fix that
  * "Fetch upstream" button still exists?
    * Talking to GitHub support about deforking modules
    * The GitHub process for this is very friction-heavy
* Raku Ecosystem Archive (REA) fully operational
  * Lots of progress on removing duplicate modules that exist in both cpan and fez
* **AI: problem-solving issue for future of various ecosystems**


## FOSDEM presentations --> written form?

* Considering creating articles to match FOSDEM presentations
* Would also be a good place to put articles about individual modules
* Different possible blog/article platforms: dev.to, Wordpress, etc.
  * Crossposting also an option, or posting to Reddit, HN, etc.


## Social presence

* We've got very dilute social presence
* We should try to reach as many people as possible, but we're not doing a
  good job doing this on multiple social media platforms
* On some platforms, we need to make sure it isn't always the same person doing
  all the posting; postings from multiple authors work better
* Some of our presence is "slow burn" (continuous low-level traffic), while
  some (like Advent Calendar) have very spiky traffic
* There's value in bringing up to date some of the old articles that people put
  a lot of effort into in the pre-6.c or even pre-GLR era, to make sure examples
  actually work
* We should make sure that all of our shared history is stored somewhere
  resilient to loss (or major change) of platforms
  * In other words, we shouldn't lose a big chunk of our shared history because
    some blog platform folds up


## MOTD for zef client?

* Might give us an opportunity to alert people to security issues, etc.
* The old p6lert tool might be useful for a similar purpose, and it allows to
  send to multiple platforms at different alert levels
  * e.g. most urgent items get tweeted
* This would also have been useful for helping people figure out the recent
  problem where two out-of-date modules broke Cro install for some people
* Who would "own" the MOTD contents and curate it?
  * Per-ecosystem owners?
  * Common pumpkin holder for all ecosystems?
  * Single repo containing all MOTD history, using PRs to manage?
* **AI: problem-solving issue for discussing this further**
