# RSC Meeting 2022-10-01

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Nick, Stefan, Vadim

## Camelia IP

Transfer approved, so we will soon be able to defend it.

## Rakudo packaging

Effort to provide more up to date packages e.g. for Alpine is underway, but diverging conventions make it hard.

## 6.e

Problem: RakuAST may well need a year before it's ready. However, being able to announce 6.e at FOSDEM would be great advertising.

Suggestion: just merge RakuAST as it is and release whatever of it's ready.
There's only one chance of making a first impression. Half finished features may turn people off.
RakuAST may not be interesting enough for newcomers to warrant taking the risk.
RakuAST alone could be enough for a 6.f. Could be a good point in the release presentation (preview of the next release).
On the other hand, other language features (like improved coercion support) may be too hard to explain.
Reportedly jnthn's opinion is that something like a 6.d.5 without RakuAST would be good to have. A 6.e without RakuAST ok, if required?

After some more discussion, the consensus is: hold off on the release for now, market 6.e.PREVIEW instead.

About merging the rakuast branch in its current state:
Merging the branch would lower the barrier of entry and we don't see many drawbacks as it's purely an addition and normal operations are unchanged.

Consensus: let's do that.

With the current pause in RakuAST development, the branch is actually falling further behind master rather than improving.
Therefore it was suggested to require a RakuAST implementation for merging PRs that change the compiler frontend (i.e. changes/additions Grammar, Actions, World)

Consensus: yes, we support this.
