# RSC Meeting 2022-09-17

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Liz, Nick, Vadim
Absent with notice: Stefan

## Daniel's updates
- IMAGO's misuse of Camelia: cease-and-desist to be sent within weeks
- Submitted patches to give the Guix distro an up-to-date Rakudo

## Blin breakage
- The RSC agreed that the blin breakage is an indefinite blocker for a new Rakudo release.
- It's not clear enough for the RSC what it can do to fix the issue.
- Liz will investigate further with jdv to get to the bottom of this.

## CAT decision making process
- The Community Affairs Team needs to be clearer on communicating the process after a complaint has been made.
- If the offence in the complaint appears worthy of a (temporary) banning decision, then a stub for the process will be made in the RSC repository, of which the commit message will make clear that a complaint is being handled (which will then automatically be broadcast in several IRC channels like any other commit to the RSC repository).
- This will be formalized by a PR to the [Incident Response Guide](https://github.com/Raku/Raku-Steering-Council/blob/main/papers/coc_incident_response_guide.md).
- Github Pages (aka github.io) should also be set up in such a way that the process can be followed there.  Volunteers with Jekyll experience would be very welcome in assisting with this.
- In order for CAT members to be able to reach each other even when offline, phone numbers were exchanged so that SMS / iMessage can be used to contact each other.

## Raku merchandise
- The RSC approved YAS to do a batch of apparels with Camelia on them.
- It was noted that the proposed types of apparel should not just consist of boxy and square t-shirts.  Daniel will pass that remark onto YAS.
- raku.org has a number of links to Rakudo stores for merch.  Need to figure out who is responsible for these.

## Rainbow Butterfly Award
- YAS wants to create a yearly Rainbow Butterfly Award, to be awarded in December, to anybody who has done outstanding non-core support for the Raku Community / promotion of Raku.
- RSC will provide an initial list of potential awardees, with a request to the community to suggest anybody else.
- A RSC committee will pick the winner.

## Raku Foundation website
- Daniel reports YAS is still working on that
- Any volunteers from the Raku Community are very welcome to help in this effort.

## FOSDEM dev room?
- Opinions differ on applying for a dev room
 - Better to give presentation in other tracks, than to stay in the echo chamber
 - A Raku dev room would help Raku people get together in person
- It looks like applying for a Raku dev room will be a grass-roots effort.

## Raku 6.e release
- Preliminary discussion on if / how / when 6.e should be released, and whether it should contain a completed RakuAST or not.
- Next meeting will have more discussion and possibly a decision.
