# RSC Meeting 2022-10-15

Attending: Geoff, Liz, JJ, Vadim, Nick, Daniel

* RakuAST merge
  * Do 2022.10 release *first*
  * Then merge RakuAST immediately afterwards
  * Unfortunately, Blin is still "on the blink"
    * Work to fix it has happened, but is not complete yet
    * Liz to follow up
* Contest query
  * Not something we want to work on *as RSC*
  * But we have wished them well in doing that themselves
* Liz: dev.to posts
  * Subjects: Rak (multiple posts) and response to Perl map/grep talk
  * Lots of competition for eyeballs on dev.to -- 50+ posts per day?
* Vadim: Call for suggestions on Raku intro course
  * Basic plan is there, at least one volunteer to help
* Discussion of Raku used at work
  * Sadly much on NDA'd projects, so we can't publicize them  :-(
* Trademarks: In progress, status update after next YAS meeting
