# RSC Meeting 2022-04-30

Attending: Daniel, Geoff, JJ, Liz, Stefan, Vadim


## Documentation Situation

* [Long discussion]
* Our first priority is actually to have a working documentation *community*
* **PLAN:**
  * Accept PR (from that person) to remove current problem-solving docs name
  * Put out a call for new people to replace that role


## Misc Bits

* Prospectus
  * In progress, Raku has provided a lot of content
  * Will still need a designer to make the prospectus appropriately shiny
  * Which version of Camilla logo do we want to use for business purposes?
    * Suggestion: can we use one of the ones Zoffix made in prep for Diwali?
    * They are less whimsical, so might fit the tone of a prospectus better
* Raku track for Houston conference
  * We have talks, BoF sessions, and working group sessions planned
