# RSC Meeting 2023-07-29

Attending: Daniel, Geoffrey, Liz, Nick, Vadim, Richard, Vadim


## Determine what to do with P5 regex support once RakuAST lands

* Can we remove it? It does have spec tests.

* If removed it should be possible to do via module space

* Liz proposed making an interface for regex slangs

* Take inspiration from https://github.com/alabamenhu/PolyglotRegexen

* Will create a problem solving issue over creating an interface for regex slangs

* Will create a problem solving issue over removing p5 regex support


## RakuDoc Progress

* Seems OK to advance to Gamma process

* Damian and Liz have been solving various issues

* Progress on renderer is underway
