# RSC Meeting 2023-12-16

Attending: Liz, Nick, Richard, Vadim

## Localizations

* How to organize the maintenance of localizations - https://github.com/Raku/problem-solving/issues/411

    * Agreed that the creation a new repo and new fez group for maintaining localization modules

    * Would we want to handle other modules this way? Maybe it would contain other modules tightly coupled to the core

* Should we name different localizations? For example call the Klingon localization 'foolang' and invokable via `foolang -e '...'` and automatically load the appropriate localization module?


## RakuDoc v2

* Agreed to the proposal - https://github.com/Raku/problem-solving/issues/412

* Briefly discussed how https://github.com/Raku/problem-solving/issues/393 can solve the issue of how to know what documentation files a distribution provides

