# RSC Meeting 2023-09-09

Attending: Daniel, Geoffrey, Liz, Nick, Vadim, Richard, Stefan

# Potential problem solving issues
Discussed several potential problem solving issues put forward by Liz:
1. language level default (moved to problem-solving)
2. deprecate indirect object syntax (moved to problem-solving)
3. remove item-assignment precedence (needs further investigation)
4. allow single grapheme So graphemes (such as üëç) as variable names (implement as slang first)

## EU Open Source Law
Richard is still talking to Salve and will report back on what the RSC and/or TPRF could do to help

## Bill Of Materials
Due to personal circumstance, Geoffrey could not open a Problem Solving issue for it yet.

## Stability
Vadim mentioned the issues of large code bases, and the problems associated with that.  Will come up with one or more Rakudo issues to handle / discuss.
