# Minutes for RSC Meeting 2023-06-24

Attending: Geoff, Richard, Vadim, Nick, Daniel

## General Discussion

* No misc business, so straight to ...
* RakuDoc proposal
  * Carrying forward from presentations at the Raku Core Summit
    * Cleanup of pending errata and changes from lessons learned
    * Consistency in extension mechanisms
    * WIP: https://new-raku.finanalyst.org/language/rakudoc
  * Sending to Damien (original spec author), Jonathan (architect),
    authors of key documentation modules
  * [Discussion of multiple levels of approval]
  * Should we discuss in problem-solving or as PR in doc repo?
    * BOTH!  Issue in problem-solving *linking to* PR in doc repo

## RakuDoc Decisions

With reference to revising POD6 to Rakudoc, the Raku Steering Council decided to:

* Revise POD6 to Rakudoc based on the consensus reached at the First Raku Core Summit.
* Accept the proposed document submitted by Richard Hainsworth as a first working draft.
* Approve a BETA review process as follows:
  * The working draft will be reviewed by developers who have been involved in
    the implementation and design of POD6, and others suggested by the RSC.
  * The BETA review process ends on Aug 1, 2023.
  * At the end of the BETA review process, proposed changes and additions to
    the draft will be selected and incorporated by Richard Hainsworth and
    Elizabeth Mattijsen, to form a GAMMA working draft.
* Approve a GAMMA review process as follows:
  * The GAMMA working draft will be made available for community comment on
    Raku/Doc as a PR together with an issue on Raku/problem-solving pointing to
    the Raku/Doc PR.
  * The GAMMA process ends on Nov 1, 2023.
  * In the event of additions or changes upon which opinions vary within the
    community, an attempt is made to achieve a consensus, or to identify a
    majority view.
  * The GAMMA process end-date can be extended by the RSC if consensus on
    conflicting views has not been reached.
  * At the end of the GAMMA review, proposed changes and additions will be
    selected and incorporated by Richard Hainsworth, Elizabeth Mattijsen and
    Jonathan Worthington to form the FINAL draft.
* The FINAL draft will be voted on by the RSC for formal adoption.
