# RSC Meeting 2024-02-10

Attending: Liz, Richard, Geoffrey, Nick, Vadim, Daniel

## RSC statement re Cro / Comma anouncements

Daniel will create a draft statement for discussion.

## Cro

People who have been submitting Pull Requests for Cro, will be asked
by Liz whether they want a commit bit.  A policy will be instated that
will require at least one approval of a PR before it can be merged.
Liz, Geoffrey, Nick now are maintainers of the Cro organization.

Liz will further look at what would be needed to release a new official
version of Cro, probably moving it to a App::Mi6 workflow.

## Change of bylaws

Daniel will look at what would need to be changed in the RSC bylaws
to allow for a Steering Council Election *without* there being a
language release.

## Race conditions in the MetaModel

Vadim will open a problem solving issue about the issues in the
metamodel regarding race conditions on hash/array attributes.
