Aleks-Daniel Jakimenko-Aleksejev

Even though Raku was started many years ago, even to this day it has
an uncontrolled growth in all of the areas. More and more things are
constantly being added on top of what already exists, with little to
no thought on how the resulting monstrosity will work when everything
is combined together. Unfortunately, the concept of a steering council
is a prime example of that, because we already had a problem-solving
repo that was suitable for working on similar issues. However, let's
use this to our advantage, and select a council that will be able to
turn everything around and make Raku truly awesome!

Raku (Perl 6) was started 20 years ago, out of which more than 5 were
in front of my eyes. Moreover, I have been the release manager of
Rakudo for 2 years. I think it is normal for work-in-progress projects
to have significant flaws, you cannot always predict how something
will turn out, so you have to power through the troubles and criticism
until it is more or less finished. However, at what point in Raku
development should we stop and assess what we have done?

I used to religiously defend any language or compiler decision in
Raku. I liked the complexity of the language, I liked all of the
seemingly useful features. I did not mind the performance issues. I
also hated the idea of Perl 6 being renamed. Eventually, I realized
that I was wrong on so many things. As I was trying to use Raku in all
of my projects, I started seeing how many of them it is not suitable
for, and more importantly *can't be* suitable for by design.

Some argue that the current state of things is just part of the
progress. How many years will it take for Raku to become fast or
practical, considering the current rate of gradual improvements? 10?
20? 30 years? Given that there are other languages with
well-thought-out designs and high-performance compilers that were
created from scratch in shorter amounts of time, are we even on the
right track?

I advise to vote for candidates that can bring a fresh breath into the
project. This can include huge disruptive leaps, but such ideas cannot
be accomplished by a single council member. Therefore, I am including
a list of members who I *think* have the most potential to accelerate
Raku development. In no particular order:

* codesections
* vrurg
* niner
* tyil
* myself (AlexDaniel)

If you have more empty slots on the voting form and do not intend to
fill them, then you can also consider a write-in vote for Zoffix.
